alright what is up megs welcome back to
another tutorial on how to actually you
know things to do with minecraft so
anyways this is a tutorial on how to
download the butter mod of someone asks
me on my YouTube in comments below on
how to download this mod so anyways
first of all you want to open up your
browser mine is going to be the google
chrome browser it could be mozilla
firefox and explorer use internet
explorer i swear i'm going to get really
mad an explorer so glad so anyways next
you want to do is go to the description
below you know click down i should say
like more or something and this should
be in the description www minecraft
forums net dash topic dash have a blast
guys butter mod you see that and then
once you calm down to here you should
say my car forums and the beauty of this
is that you don't need to make an
account for minecraft forums to download
anything because i know some websites
actually require you to make an account
but for this you don't have to make an
account so yeah just go down here where
it says a skies butter mod and then
right here it should say mod review said
to me and then down here if you say
download download the latest version for
me it's 1.5 point2 version 2.3 build 9
and right click download
download this press keep if it asses you
too and that's basically how you
download this mod so yeah if you guys
have any questions about this mod just
leave a comment below ask me on Twitter
pme I don't know whatever whatever suits
you best probably twitter is gonna be
the best though or pming me I don't know
alright so yeah anyways guys my name is
no good mine and P self in DOS